Can I have that dropped
at the gift table for you?
Ah, I think I'll hang onto this.
This is a special gift.
It's a wine fridge --
36 bottles, stainless steel,
dual temp zones for your whites,
your reds.
She doesn't care. Okay.
And neither did the priest.
Father O'GodHe'sHot.
-I know. Those lips, right?
-Hey, hey, hey.
Is that appropriate?
-Appropriate?
You never carried us around
as proudly
as you're carrying
around that thing.
30 years ago, I didn't do your
Aunt Becky's closets for free.
The whole family got together
and decided I was cheap --
called me "High Pockets."
Well, we'll see what her boy
Brian says
when he opens what
Esquire Magazine called
"the last under-counter
wine fridge you'll ever need."
Wow.
(both laugh)
High Pockets.
Can we just find the bar?
How funny would it be
if I said no?
(laughs)
Mother of...us.
Mom!
What is she doing here?
She's not even related
to these people!
Oh, my God.
You, me, Mom, Dad, alone.
Without Gloria
to absorb the hate.
Okay, why am I scared?
I'm feeling scared.
Because you are flashing back
to every family event
that ended with Dad
whisper-screaming at Mom,
"Would you calm down?" while
she would swing her pocketbook
around until it burst open
like a pill-packed piñata.
Oh, God. I-I don't want to be
the make-a-scene family. Again.
Well, Dad's not leaving
until they award him CNN Hero
for bringing
the wine fridge,
so maybe we just each
take a parent
and try and keep them apart
as much as possible?
Probably our best shot
at an uneventful day.
But can we please not fight over
who has to care of --
(as Mitchell) Mom!
-Mitchell!
-Hey!
(chuckling) Hi.
Oh, it's so good
to see you, honey. Mm!
Hey. I got us a campus map,
and look at this --
My old college frat
has a chapter here!
By legacy rights,
I'm entitled
to use the main-floor bathroom
and sign out a Frisbee.
Cool.
Wow, you're really giving
those bands a workout.
Oh, just burning off
some nervous energy.
They don't ask questions
on a college tour, right?
Luke and I, Gloria, and Manny
are going on a college tour!
Safety school for Manny,
long shot for Luke,
which hasn't been great
for his self-esteem.
Luckily, as a former
cheerleader,
I haven't lost my gift
for lifting spirits.
Though I can no longer make an N
with my body.
Wow.
This is a great workout.
Ow! No!
Sorry, sorry!
Guys, come look!
I did something very bad.
(whimpering)
(laughs)
(whispering)
Manny is taking a nap,
(normal voice) so I put
a pig-a-let in the bed!
(stifles laugh)
Oh, my God.
Where'd you get that?
You remember those farmers
that we met? (giggles)
You'll be surprised what they'll
do for a couple of big tips.
(whispering)
What did you hear?
(pig snorting)
Aah!
Whoa! What is that?!
It's a pig-a-let!
Man, you should see
your face!
Ohh, it licked my face!
Why would you do this?
Aye, Manny,
don't be so uptight!
I'm preparing you for college
so that you fit in
and make some friends.
I took the idea from watching
"The Animal House,"
"The Old School" movie...
College is about higher
education, not pranks.
Nerd!
-There she is!
-Hey, lady.
Yeah, I can't give you
free stuff.
-Let's go.
-Okay, take care.
Wait. Wait, wait, wait, wait,
wait, wait.
Oh, my gosh.
It's her.
Who?
The blonde over there in the
cute jacket and fab shoes.
If that's who I think it is,
we hate her so hard.
Last night, I was robbed.
That's right.
There I was at
Lily's dance recital,
breathlessly anticipating
my baby's first-ever
ballet solo.
Okay, here it comes.
This moment is worth every cent
of the $2,000 in lessons.
What?
Oh, my gosh.
I can't see.
Didn't they say
no filming?
Excuse me. Miss?
(gasps)
Did you just see that?
That horrid woman robbed me
of my proud daddy moment
and forced me to lie
to my daughter.
"You danced beautifully, Lily!"
But did she?
I have no idea!
Why didn't you smack her down
last night?
With words, obviously.
Wait, can gays
smack women?
No.
No!
You know what,
I would have cussed her out
last night,
except the selfish hag
left the moment
her daughter's dance
was over.
I hope there's no rule in here
about causing a commotion.
I mean, we didn't really
feel the need
to put it up on a sign because,
you know, civilization.
Well, I answer
to a higher law.
Hey! Get back here!
You don't even know it's her.
You're basing this off
of the back of the head
of someone you saw
in the dark.
That may be how you recognize
your old boyfriends, but...
Excuse me.
As much as I admire that
and do intend on using it
on Mitchell without giving you
any credit, there is a line.
So, Mom, I didn't know that you
would be, uh, be here.
Oh, well, I wasn't
planning on it --
I haven't seen these people
since the divorce --
Yeah.
But then my new hubby
had to work,
and I thought --
"Write a new story, Dede."
Yeah!
(both chuckle)
So, are you here alone,
or...?
You look great!
This dress is beautiful!
Oh, thank you.
I found it in the trunk
of a car I bought.
(cellphone chimes)
Oh.
One second, Mom.
Oh, this is Cam texting.
The picture of the back
of someone's head
and the words,
"Is this her?"
No idea what you are
talking about.
Kissy face.
Oh!
Excuse me.
Can we get a pic?
Honey!
-Oh.
-(chuckles)
-Dad, that's sweet.
Really?
If we get separated,
there's a record.
Oh, God.
Hey, don't be mad.
Are you kidding?
She vanished, okay?
Those shoes she makes
are soundless.
Oh, there you are!
Oh! Mwah!
-Okay.
-Oh, well,
if it isn't my first family.
What a surprise, huh?
Yeah!
I guess Brian invited me
because of that summer
we took him in.
Remember when I caught you
trying on Brian's underpants?
No, what even --
Mom!
Oh, is it just
the four of us?
Yeah!
Yes, and where are you
sitting, Mom?
I can walk you back
to your table.
In a minute.
I'd like to visit a little.
I don't even know anyone
at my table.
Well, Gloria's not here.
Oh, thank you, Jay.
Here.
Let me, uh...
-Well, this is fun.
-Mm-hmm.
-The band's back together.
-Yeah.
Would anyone care
for some champagne?
-Oh, yeah.
-I'd love some.
-Oh, you bet. Yeah.
-Thank you.
I'll just take the tray.
Admission has gotten tougher.
Only about 4 out of 10
applicants get accepted.
Ugh.
You've beaten worse odds
than that.
We forgot to get you vaccinated
till you were 6.
The university boasts
many noted graduates --
research scientists,
journalists,
and one pretty well-known
playwright.
Wow.
"Pretty well-known?"
Imagine how many cookies
they could have sold
if they called them
"Pretty Well-Known Amos's."
Oh!
(laughs)
I tied your
shoelaces together.
Mom, what's going on
with you?
I am preparing you.
If you can't laugh at yourself,
then you'll become a target.
College crazy time, man!
(gasps)
Excuse me, Steffi?
My son Tim here developed
a finance app
that caught the eye of
some folks at JP Morgan,
so he'll need to keep that going
along with school.
No problem.
Many students work
while taking class.
-Excuse me, Steffi?
-What are you doing?
My son Lucas here is a
recognized amateur trampolinist.
(hushed voice) Dad!
I'm assuming you guys
have a training facility
so he can continue his pursuits
in the applied bouncing arts?
I'm not sure
I'm understanding...
You guys have
a trampoline?
I think there's a small one
in the daycare center.
There are no small
trampolines, only --
You know what?
We can move on.
Everybody, this way!
Just go ask her if she
was at the recital,
and then tell her off
if she says yes.
No, I can't,
because if it's her,
she'll sense confrontation
coming and deny it.
People can always tell
when I'm in attack mode.
Mm, flared nostrils?
No.
-Vein in your forehead?
-Blotchy neck?
No! You know what,
and just a head's up, you both
are turning into your mother.
Okay.
Whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo.
New plan.
What --
What are you doing?
Well, if there's video
of Lily's recital on her iPad,
then I know
it's for sure her,
and plus, I can
e-mail it to myself
and have a proper
viewing party.
Ooh, I've got a thing.
Yeah, I'll probably
be working.
I haven't even
set a date yet.
Okay, there's a passcode.
Well, of course there's
a passcode. Give me that.
All right, well, she ordered
a powdered doughnut, so...
All right.
Chalky fingerprints on the 8,
the 5, the 3, and the 1.
Your passcode is some
combination of those four.
Oh, my God.
You're brilliant.
Last year, I was doing
differential topography
at Cal Tech,
and now I sketch leaves
in milk foam for adult
skateboarders.
I need something more.
She's coming back.
-What?!
(whispering)
She's coming back.
Hey!
I left my iPad on the table,
and somebody took it.
Oh, gosh!
I didn't --
Didn't what?
Do your job?
It's not like you're so busy
you don't have time to --
Excuse me.
I couldn't help overhearing.
Um, are you talking about
that iPad in that bag there?
-Oh, God.
-'Cause there's an iPad there.
-What a ditz.
-(chuckles)
Ugh, I guess I'm just nervous
for this stupid blind date
I never should
have agreed to.
Oh, no.
You're not Richard,
are you?
Uh, yes. I-I am Richard.
I'm your blind date.
You're, uh, Ana.
Oh!
Am I the worst person ever?
Well, that's what we're
here to find out.
(laughs) Kidding!
Please sit!
I hope that is her.
She's gross.
I want him
to yell at her.
-Yeah.
-Excuse me.
Um, I'm here
for a blind date,
and my friend didn't even
give me a picture.
I just know
the woman's name.
Any chance
you served an Ana?
Oh!
Well, this is crazy.
Ana, say hello to, uh...
-Richard.
-Yeah.
(laughs)
Um, sorry, I don't mean
to be forward,
but Vanessa kind of undersold
how attractive you are.
Wowza. (laughs)
The things I've done because
people tell me I'm pretty,
you'd almost think
I wasn't pretty.
So, 1986,
we were just coming back
from my sister
Bebe's wedding
when I first had my dream
about murdering you.
No!
Mitchell has a funny story
that doesn't open old wounds
about Cam at a dance recital.
He got so mad,
didn't he, Mitchell?
Tell them!
So mad.
That wasn't '86.
That was '87.
The reason we were late
was because of that damn
Hands Across America
that you made me do.
Hands was '86,
and you
thanked me afterwards
because you got to hold hands
with someone
that was holding hands
with Willie Nelson.
What the hell was that whole
thing about, anyway? Hunger?
Hand somebody a sandwich
in San Francisco
and you pass it on
down the line
till some bum gets ahold of it
in Boston?
Hunger, yeah.
Definitely.
Um, Mitchell is on a diet,
speaking of hunger.
What can you eat now?
Uh...less.
Sweetie,
I see what you're doing,
but this whole controlling
thing -- It's challenging.
Works good in the office,
but sometimes she's as tight
as a camel's ass in a sandstorm.
Ooh, this seems aggressive.
I'm just gonna --
May I be excused to go
to the bathroom?
Yeah. Me, too.
Be right back.
Hey!
You do not get to do this.
You do not get
to shut down on me
like you did
when we were kids.
I am not gonna sit here
taking the heat
while you go hide in your room
blasting Pat Benatar.
Why are we even all
sitting together?
This is my plan. You're gonna
come up with a reason
to take Mom back
to her table.
Maybe you want to unload
some gay stuff
you don't want Dad
to hear?
You're lovely.
But my dream analyst
helped me realize
that I never wanted
to murder you.
I wanted to murder the part
of myself that was so angry.
You were angry because I was
an inconsiderate blow-hard.
Oh, don't do that.
We had plenty of good times,
didn't we, Sarge?
You bet we did, Pea.
Oh!
(both chuckle)
What fresh hell is this?
We'll end our tour here
at our iconic bell tower.
See you all
at tonight's mixer!
Hey. Before we go back,
you want to do something fun?
Follow me.
Check it out!
-A bell?
Not just a bell.
A series of bells fed into
an ingenious instrument
known as a carillon.
I monkied around with one
back in the day.
A cutie named Gretchen
took me up to her belfry
and showed me some moves,
which I now realize
sounds sexual.
Not really.
You talk like this a lot.
The point is,
Gretchen got a full ride
treading bells like these.
Wow, that's high.
Maybe you could, too.
Get you into a class on...
What? I'm gonna learn all this
in three months?
You're a quick study!
Look at how fast
you learned magic.
I got a home movie of you
pulling an impossibly long chain
of baby wipes
out of your diaper.
Okay, I was 5 in a diaper.
That's not really a sign
of a quick learner.
(gasps)
I believe you can do anything
you put your mind to.
Why?
(bells chiming)
Oh! Shoot!
I guess it's all
computerized now.
Who cares?
God, I hate it
when you do this.
Do what? You look mad.
Are you mad?
(bells chiming)
(yelling indistinctly)
...and I keep telling you,
but it's like
you're not hearing me!
I'm not.
Wait, don't talk yet.
(chiming continues)
Go now, quick!
Stop acting like
I'm someone I'm not!
Stop telling me how great I am
when it's not true!
Don't you see how much pressure
that is?!
Luke, don't you
walk away from --
(bell chimes)
...me!
I'm your --
(chimes)
How are you 36?
I just can't get over
how young you look.
The trick is to not smile
too hard.
(laughs)
You're funny.
(chuckles uneasily)
I did not expect that
from a seismologist.
Which, by the way,
how did you get into that?
Oh, um, it's just always
come easy for me.
You know?
I look at people
and I just instinctively know
their size.
People are like,
"Oh, I'm a 4,"
and I'm like, "Who you foolin',
girl? You a 10." (laughs)
Ma'am, here is that napkin
you asked for.
Oh, thanks. Ha ha.
Fooled you.
I was just joking about
clothing stuff.
The real reason why I got
into studying earthquakes
is because I love nature.
I guess that would explain the
ornithology interest, too, huh?
(dish clatters)
(laughs uneasily)
Miss, could
I have another...
Um, yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah.
Angels have always
been cool,
but not as cool as birds!
I love birds!
(chuckles insincerely)
I mean,
I love my mother, I do,
but it's like her needs
come before everyone else's.
You know
that kind of person?
I think I do, yeah.
Wait, why was
I talking about her?
I don't know.
The question was
"What did you do
last night?"
And the question stands.
(cellphone chimes)
Oh!
Sorry.
(groans)
Ex-husband.
Honestly, it's like
he can't be with my son
for more than three hours
without texting me
some inane question.
Oh -- Oh, you have a son?
(sighs)
Love of my life.
(sighs, chuckles)
He took the divorce
pretty hard.
He's...different,
you know?
He's really --
He's creative and sensitive,
and he gets picked on
a lot at school.
You know, it's like,
thank God for his dance class.
(voice breaking) I feel like
it's the only place
that I see, like,
real joy on his face.
I knew it.
You're the worst!
Excuse me?
I'm not Richard, you fool.
I'm the father
you and your giant iPad
robbed of his daughter's
first ballet solo.
I hope whatever reason
you had
to prioritize your child
over mine was a good one,
and now that I hear it,
it's pretty close,
I have to admit,
but still.
Wow!
You're a maniac,
but I'm grateful
because this has been one of
the most abysmal dates
I have ever been on.
Oh!
People think that cats
are standoffish,
but my guy,
when I come home --
Okay, I've got to stop you
right there.
I'm not Ana,
and this isn't happening.
I had a feeling.
(chuckles)
Can I at least take a picture
with you
so I can tell other women
we dated?
What?! No!
You're right.
It's just that
you're so pretty.
All right, get in here.
Ma'am?
Manny, come on.
We're going to be late
for the mixer.
Uh, excuse me, did I say
your time-out was over?
Back on the bed.
I'm sorry, okay?
No more pranks.
I promise.
I just wanted to have fun
with you. Geez!
(whirring)
I forgot I did that one!
(stifles laugh)
Aye, Manny!
Por favor!
Get out.
Get out!
Luke, we should talk
about this!
There's nothing
to talk about.
And you're not coming
to this stupid party.
I'm going alone.
-So am I.
(door slams)
-Eh.
-Wow.
Like I want to take
some stupid bell class
so we can all find out there's
one more thing I can't do.
Oh, boo-hoo.
Your dad believes in you.
My mom's treating me like I'm
on some Japanese game show.
Fine! You win!
You win worst parent,
you win college.
Hope you have fun here
while I'm shoveling poo
in some underground
poo-shoveling place.
Well, why'd you
even come here
if you're so sure
you can't get in?
I don't know.
Maybe because this is the one
place we might both get in.
That might make this whole thing
a little less scary!
Well, that's the only reason
I applied, too!
Then why are we fighting?!
I don't know!
So, are we still going
to the party?
Yeah, I'll put on a hat!
I just wanted Luke to feel good
about himself, you know?
Cheer him on a little.
Maybe there is such a thing
as too much cheerleading.
You tell him he can do anything,
and when he can't,
he feels like
he's disappointing you.
Luke knows I'd never be
disappointed in him.
Does he?
Luke is very sweet,
but he doesn't know
a lot of things.
So I'm supposed
to pump him up,
but not so much that he's afraid
to let me down.
It's ironic that I'm
struggling with this
since my greatest cheerleading
move was threading the needle.
It's when your seven cheermates
make hoop arms --
I don't care.
I just want Manny to learn
how to take a joke.
Yes, but there's a difference
between a joke
and yelling "Pervert!"
before shoving him
into the girls'
locker room.
Aye, please,
that was funny.
Besides, I was the one who broke
a heel
trying to keep
the door shut.
College is a big change.
I'm just trying to keep it
light for him.
For him or for you?
(sighs) Okay.
He's leaving me for the first
time in his life.
I've been married,
I've been divorced,
I've lived here,
I've lived there.
I drove a taxi,
I won "Star Search."
Through all the changes
in my life, there was always us.
Like partners.
If I don't keep this light,
I am going to be very sad.
I know. It stinks.
You just have to hope
they get irritating enough
by the end of the year that
you're ready for them to go.
Maybe I should give him
his harmonica back.
That's the spirit.
Here, take my half steak.
I'll take half your fish.
I got to trick my arteries
every once in a while,
keep them on their toes.
(chuckles)
Well, I don't know what you're
doing, but you look great.
And you look great, too.
Oh, look, there's no line
at the bar.
How about a Rob Roy
for old time's sake?
Oh, you remembered, Sarge.
That was the only drink I could
keep down when I was pregnant.
Who are those people?
You heard them.
They're "Sarge" and "Pea."
Two nicknames I have never heard
in my entire life.
This kindness,
I don't trust it.
I know, it's like a purple sky
before a storm.
Exactly.
Beautiful until you realize
the birds are agitated
and ants are
walking in circles.
Actually, you know what?
My -- My stomach's feeling
a little weird.
I think I'm gonna take a walk,
get a little fresh air.
Oh, no, you don't. You are not
running away this time. No.
Let go, bossy!
Sit down. We are gonna suffer
like a family!
No. Don't -- Don't stretch out
my jacket!
I just got back
into slim fit!
(glass shatters)
(gasps)
-Is everything all right?
-Yeah.
-He's fine.
-I just --
Oh, no, of course.
Yeah, go get that.
What's going on?
-Oh...
-She pushed me.
I didn't push him.
He just, you know,
slipped, fell.
Sit down, sit down.
You're causing a scene.
It's very embarrassing.
You have been quite rude today,
young lady.
General Patton over there.
And this one is basically
a cardboard cutout
who occasionally sips wine
and sighs.
We did not raise you
to act like this.
-Oh, excuse me.
-No, I-I got it.
No, in fact, you raised us
to act exactly like this, okay?
You two are the ones
that are acting crazy.
What are you
talking about?
Who the hell
are Sarge and Pea,
and where were they
when we were growing up?
Yeah, maybe if those two people
had raised us,
there would have been room
in our house
for other people
to have emotions
and somebody wouldn't have had
to shut himself down.
And maybe somebody
wouldn't be trying
to control the whole world
because she couldn't control
the chaos
in her own
home growing up.
Oh, come on.
We all know that's
what's wrong with her.
-Oh, God.
-So, come on.
What do you have to say
for yourselves?
-Well, you're not wrong.
-True.
I'm -- I'm sorry.
One more time.
What?
We didn't behave well
when we were married,
and I feel bad
about that.
Me, too.
We thought we were staying
together for you,
but I don't know,
maybe we'd forced you
to live with two unhappy people
for too long.
But we're happy now.
And that's probably why we're
able to be our old selves today.
We should have said this
a long time ago,
but we didn't give you the kind
of home you deserved,
and for that, we're sorry.
Well, you --
I mean, there was --
There was
happy times, too.
Yeah, no, it wasn't
all crazytown.
It was --
Yeah.
("At Last" plays)
(gasps)
Listen.
We're good, right?
We can go?
Yes. Of course.
Go.
Wow.
How about that?
An apology.
I don't think I ever thought
it would feel so good.
(sighs)
I do like
seeing them happy.
Yeah.
Ohh, you.
Shut up.
I feel stuff.
I know.
♪♪
Son of a bitch!
That is coconuts!
I remember you!
Do you miss spokesmodeling?
Aye, I do a boat show
every now and then.
That's how I keep
my hand in it.
(giggles)
Watch, watch.
This is how
I sealed the deal.
(gasps)
That's you again!
-- Captions by VITAC --